The staff, that they saw some third person who was not recognizable and was not recognized,
standing to the side.
That was 15 months and was destroying and we're facing each other and looking at each other.
There were 16 third persons standing on the side and they saw that third person had no mercy.
And nothing to do with it.
And that's a picture wanted was a picture of Steven's and John.
Will you reverse and that gave Mr. Colman information George?
Well we've discussed answers to questions George.
Will you reverse and engage with the Colman information?
I may have been one of a number of individuals that didn't do it.
You mean half to the hearing?
Now you know that there was a partner there who was not recognized for no.
I am the two Mr. Colman.
No sir.
I am a someone's army that's not well.
Who asked to bring them that inform Mr. Colman and that factor?
No sir.
You know the world.
You know the number of individuals that have been accepted.
Well sir I know that there's been, we've generally, at various times,
discussed illegal points involved in this.
If I could have, you know that it was a member of the staff and the staff.
I may have heard something like that.
From whom did you hear it?
I don't recall.
I might know we all, various members of the staff.
Will you explain Mr. Colman's testimony on film?
That's which testimony?
To the impact of their world, the third person down in the heat staff was unrecognizable
and that they don't run the staff and cut it out.
Well Mr. Chairman, I've been sitting here patiently through all of you.
Now since this waste of time, it's obviously improper and the human knows it
to ask a witness to evaluate another witness's testimony,
who asks for the repeliers that are not only the committee from the chairman,
but they not believe the testimony.
I think we should be done with this waste of time.
You may have received, St. Clair.
Mr. Chairman, an answer to the question.
Mr. Chairman, the point of order to the question that you cannot ask one witness
to evaluate another witness's testimony.
We're going to have the question.
You read it this time.
The last question.
Should be a second answer with the first question that you have.
That is, yes, was unrecognizable.
And that a number of the staff had cut it out.
The answer was yes.
So would you read the whole question?
First was well I not even believe Mr. Colman's testimony.
Why do we have to be determined whether or not this question is asking the witness
to evaluate the testimony of another witness?
I'm not sure whether that's a proper request.
If you're not, this is a whole question.
I have to be back.
Very well.
You know that there was a number of the staff's and the committee.
As well, sir.
I know their head can.
We have to be a very happy time.
I know that it was a number of the staff's and the committee.
I may have heard something like that.
But the moment you hear it, I don't recall.
I know we've all very sensitive staff.
Questions usually admit that the testimony don't do.
What's that testimony?
What's the other structure of the first person there?
That he did with unrecognizable.
The number of the staff has had it out.
What I'm worried about is the staff.
I do not believe this one witness is called up on
to evaluate the testimony of another.
Time keepers have advised that the chair of the participants
may have had an effect.
Thank you.
No questions?
None.
None here, Mr. Chair.
Chair of the president of the president of the president.
Any of the senators in my right?
At my left?
The same clerk or Mr. Welch?
For the question you may ask in no time.
I call your attention, George.
Mr. Coles, that's the five-year-old's day.
The key and stuff that's been inspired
have been members of the staff.
And learned from them that the chair of president
had to land the picture.
You were not the first to admit your call to the party.
I said, no, I absolutely not.
You know the first one was the call to the party.
And also, did you want to do first learn?
And then there was a picture of the secretary
and the president's trying to know.
Well, I never knew that they were
necessarily alone.
You never knew that, no.
So, what to do to prepare for this case for the committee?
So, this is the only time the people have been
produced by the testimonies of the bar.
For the federalists, I've been made a decide on
what this is referring for.
I have been here at all at hearings,
and I don't remember whether it was some other...
Well, the photographs were tuned by the staff
that matter of the relation when it was produced and fired or tuned.
I didn't attach any great information.
I didn't know that.
I didn't attach any great importance to the...
to the, I thought it was one bit of evidence
that it would be helpful in the case.
When did you bring that up?
Oh, I first learned that there was a photograph.
When was that?
Well, I testified when that,
shortly after Private Shine had brought the photograph
and the role I believe that he mentioned the fact
that it was a photograph.
What did he say about the photograph?
I didn't say there are very long,
or if he said anything, what did he say?
Well, he didn't actually tell me anything about the picture as such.
Is this end of the day, one?
At that particular time, no.
Well, you know some time before the interview,
now if there was a picture in the distance, yes.
Who did you find that fact?
Well, at the time that...
I would say when...
When...
Well, Private Shine had mentioned the fact that there was a picture.
What did he say about it?
Well, I each of said I have a photograph here or something like that.
I don't remember exactly.
He may have mentioned that.
You have no doubt that a D is a secretary or anything like that.
He didn't know anything about this photograph.
Besides, I went down and picked him up,
bring him over to Room 101.
Nothing about it when he came in.
He brought in this and other papers.
And he probably said something about this being there with Stephen in the picture.
He didn't actually discuss it.
He wanted a detail for the picture.
So, the way he never knew there was such a picture.
Mr. Dynas, I didn't really know.
I wanted a detail for the picture, Chairman.
And I think you might have wanted to explain everything from raising points of order
because of the fear that's by raising them,
I might take more time than it was to being taken.
But I think the cherishers, they know the facts.
I'm going through a ridiculous delay for a speech in LA, the Unlearned.
So picked up, Cheyne, brought him to the office, dropped him there.
Council knows that.
Really stalling.
Take a time or why I don't know.
But I do think the cherishers just...
Yes, the Council for...
Mr. Stephen, Mr. Dynas.
Not to ask questions for the purpose merely hearing their voices,
but only asking what they're looking for in the midst.
Chair, really, that is not a point of order.
Chair also holds a question there.
I've got a petition, but he doesn't think he has any authority to tell Council
that they're not asked questions because I don't know.
I might be in mind at times.
Chair, please.
Mr. Stephen, I have a request for you to start the start.
Mr. Dynas, is that all?
Yes, I have.
Senator McCarthy, I think if you have no question.
Does anybody have any further questions before we dismiss to the council?
This is Mr. Calmiss's mails, please.
Mr. Anastos has been dismissed from the witness stand,
so we pause ten seconds now for station identification.
Let the New York's first patient, WABC, AM&FM.
Now back to the McCarthy Army hearings in the Senate office building.
Second.
This is a man who, if you please, tell the committee your full name.
Francis Terry, man.
What official position do you occupy as this man?
Certain of Secretary, Mr. Cohen and Mr. Car.
How long have you been left to part?
Since the Foxim in August of 1953.
Are your offices at number 101, Mrs. Belly?
That's correct.
Were you in the office one day, my excuse to dismiss my Mr. Shine and Mr. Anastos King,
lad, together with the Hattie-Journey Bundle?
I'm sure I was, but yes.
Was anyone else present besides you in the two mails I have called?
I did not recall.
Do you recall of about what the time of day it was, or evening or night,
when the two made a game?
The chickens are doing not.
I'm sorry.
Do you recall?
I guess it is.
You recall this, and this is what is in the morning,
and that's it, and are you?
I honestly can't.
I don't know.
You are rather busy young lady down there.
I'm afraid I am.
Mrs. Williams, without my asking you,
the civic questions for the purpose of exploring the subject under you curiously time,
I will ask you to just tell this committee the events that transpired
when this hank in your bundle was delivered to that always.
So I have very little that I can contribute.
I remember that Mr. Shion and Mr. Nassus came in.
I did not have that time.
No, there was a picture involved.
I do know there was a packet.
I did not, and I never do stay in the interoffice when members of the staff were there working.
They did not ask me to stay, so I went immediately from the office as soon as I delivered a message
to Mr. Shion upon his arrival there.
I know nothing of the picture, and this is known for later that it was a picture.
Do you work in what we would generally turn to the reception room?
Yes, sir.
Open to the public.
Yes.
And Mr. Shion and Mr. Nassus go into a private office.
It is my recollection that they did go inside.
Who is always with that message?
They often submit the car and Mr. Cohn.
Their offices are together in the same room.
Yes, sir. 3103.
While these are Mr. Cohn and Mr. Carp persons, did you know?
I did not recall, sir.
You recall how long Mr. Nassus has been trying to bring that office?
No, sir. I don't. I'm sorry.
Did you have that time to see the contents of that packet?
No, sir.
Did you ever see it?
Did you have these as the documents tell you what the contents of the packet?
No, sir.
Did you ever think you what the contents of the packet were?
Did you expect that I, Marcello, to prepare soon,
seeing a photo grab off the second page of the Army?
Mr. Shion and Colonel Ratney?
I have never seen such a picture to this moment.
Have you ever seen a picture introduced here by Council for the Committee?
A backpack out of the holiday.
In which Mr. Stevens and Mr. Shion only are shown?
I've seen some newspaper prints.
I haven't seen the picture you're speaking of.
Is there a picture?
It is made of this Indian person.
Cut.
Our orders.
If any wise, a picture delivered by Mr. Shion
to the office of the staff,
being a photograph of himself, the Secretary of the Federal Planned Man,
the unit only is like a valid photo.
Not anything at all.
Has anyone ever told you anything about it?
No, sir.
I have taken since you know nothing about these as your current influence
as the policy resters this by the evening here at Martin.
No, sir.
You were not finally on our gets.
I was not there. I was in my office at work.
I have no further questions.
Sheriff has none, Mr. Smith, turning with them.
There's names.
As I understand it, the package for porting to contain the pictures
was brought to room 101 and carried in to Mr. Cars and Mr. Cohn's private office.
Is that correct?
I do not even notice that, sir.
I did not notice the package contained the picture.
I knew nothing else at all.
Do you recall the occasion then when Mr. Shion and Mr. Amestus did go into the office with the package?
Yes, I do. I followed them to take a message to Mr. Shion.
And then you left?
I did.
And you do not know what the camera left package there after nor what that package contained?
No, sir.
You were given no instructions about it.
Never.
And you gave no instructions about it?
No, sir.
All of a sudden.
And a Jackson of it.
And from the time that this package was brought in by private Shion accompanied by Mr. Amestus last week.
And up until the Tuesday of this week, you never heard any discussion about this picture matter in the office.
No, sir.
No discussion by any one ever overheard any discussion in the office.
No, whatever.
No.
So.
Uh, send the product.
I have no question.
And this time.
This may be I misunderstood.
So I thought that Mr. Amestus said that you opened up the package that wrong?
Mr. Amestus is in the area. He says that.
Uh, you saw the package go into room, but you didn't see it come out. Is that right?
I saw Mr. Shion go in the room with the package under his arm.
I saw the package lying later on the desk. I did not see what was in it. I did not know what was in it.
Now, do not know what the came of it.
You never saw it after that.
You never saw it at all.
No, sir.
Mr. Amestus did it.
Now, when he said you opened it.
He is an air in there.
I think.
I need to write that.
Hold on.
Just do well.
I'll take a thousand proofs of this in private.
Right, Mr. Shion?
Send them a card.
No questions, Mr. Shion.
No questions.
Here it is.
You're going to feel it.
You can keep going around with somebody in the case.
There's a question.
There's nobody has a question.
Uh, if there's a memory in this, then I think it's proper.
I've decided I have to ask Mr. Shion.
One other question is this.
They love to see you available.
They're trying to look at the stand.
Is private sign in the room?
You feel not here, then I would like to ask Mr. Amestus.
One other question.
Mr. Amestus, you've put a pair here.
You look at private sign when it's through the office of Mr. Coln and Mr. Carr.
With his back.
Yes, sir.
And that Mrs. Mames was in the outer room.
Uh, yes, so she was in the outer room.
I don't recall exactly where it was.
Did you and Mr. Shion leave the room together?
No, sir.
Who met first?
I'm talking about the private office of Mr. Coln, Mr. Carr.
Now, I can recall whether I left him in that room.
Or was he left first and I was in with Mrs. Mames?
I can't recall exactly.
He recall about how long you were in there.
Yes, sir.
About, uh...
Oh, human.
Well, did anyone come in live with Amestus?
And I tell others, others, uh, Mrs. Mames.
Frankly, I'm trying to find out now who next came into the possession of the picture.
Yes, sir.
And you and Mr. Shion are in that Mr. Coln's room with that picture.
Do you not know whether you left first or whether Mr. Shion left first?
Frankly, I can't remember.
I do know that I left after a few minutes.
And I, uh, as I recall, I went down to my old office.
It did not take the picture if I could wait.
Absolutely not, sir.
Then, if you left first, we then have the picture with Mr. Shion alone in Mr. Coln's office.
But if the office, if he was your left first, then you're in with Mr. Coln's office alone with the biggest or one of the other.
And I can't be not enlighten as on which one left first or whether or not the both left together.
Well, sir, the best of my recollection.
I think that I left first, if you left, but I don't remember.
Exactly. He may have been there, but I didn't, uh, I know I went down to room one, six, all.
Very well. You left the picture in that office.
Yes, sir.
And you think you left first?
I, thanks so much. But how is anyone else having questions?
Anybody, uh, having a coyote over it?
Are there any questions?
Uh, Mr. Potter.
What have been possible for either you or Mr. Shion who have left the packing gun on a desk with off-moves a question of who has been there?
That's correct, sir.
In fact, I think that was just a question of the work you and I don't know.
Who's dead? Of course, he may have taken, but I don't know.
I don't know.
Uh-huh. Who's dead?
Who is dead?
Who is on the other side of Frank Carstead.
On the other side of Mr. Carstead, yes, sir.
And when you left, you left without the face.
That's correct.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Shion, stay there with me left.
You left without the face.
Oh, I guess so.
Man, if there was no one else in the room, that time all that was a man from J and left.
As a time to use Mr. Darnman, is that correct?
Uh, first he was back and forth into that outer room and I don't know what the truth is.
Positively in the room when I left the list, was in the outer room, I don't know.
Well, thanks.
The reason is the reason for my question, John, is it German?
The best I can, what happens?
That's a character used in the day that I understand the testimony.
You left the room without the picture.
That's correct.
Uh, that's a giant and it's likewise.
I mean, I'm big, that was a testimony.
There's no one else in the room outside of Mrs. Mim's, that's in and out.
And she said, he had the...
That's the end of the picture.
Well, sir, if no one else came, I no one else came into the room.
No, I did not.
Well, therefore, you must have left the picture there.
Is that correct or not?
That's right.
I did.
Mr. Darnman.
Uh, I'm sorry, here.
I'm sorry, Mr. Darnman.
I wasn't raising a point of order, but just if it was there some time, Mr. Darnman,
I think that we can easily agree and certify and stipulate,
what you made of the picture as it left.
There's Shine's wall.
I got into the hands of Mr. Giuliana.
So the meantime, neither Mr. and Master, nor anyone else,
cut it or did anything to it.
Otherwise, if the identical picture was here from the wall, got the Giuliana kind of thing.
I...
The position he could fit the Giuliana will testify to the fact that when he receives the picture,
it would be the only man who knows what happened to this picture.
Uh, I think, uh, I think there's a long way.
The enforcement has gone to Councilman.
I was just trying to find my site, uh, with the chairman.
I don't blame Council for this, but I think we're wasting a fantastic amount of time.
We can get down to the one young man who knows what happened to that picture.
I appreciate the information the Senator has supplied.
However, in terms of the rules that there are other questions,
uh, Senator Simon can agenda to give the assum.
He's neither Senator McLeod nor Senator Bernie Sanders.
Senator Simon is in the middle.
The lives of the state that just laid on one pass with Mr. Squish.
He is in all they've had, that you yourself personally delivered the picture.
To Mr. Giuliana, I ask you to refresh your memory now.
After all that's been fine and is been not true that you delivered the picture to it.
Uh, doing up here, sir?
Yes.
Within 30 minutes after his broth to then open the spam.
Sir, has been that true?
Sir, uh, I definitely remember that I left that picture.
I left that picture in the papers on the desk of Frank Scott.
I went down to my room and once I saw it.
In such a good time, I was instructed I was tasked to bring up to this room.
Uh, so that picture and other papers.
And I brought them up here, sir, and Mr. Giuliana, as I remember,
let me have play up this game.
I'll hear it.
I gave you.
I'll be there.
Either the other thing that, uh, and the side of me,
I didn't get you up today.
Yes, I'm Simonton.
Mr. Hannes, this is, uh, uh, uh, from Mr. Shine,
testified, uh, to page 1119 yesterday.
And when I came back from New York, sir,
Mr. Hannes, that's the idea of play.
Mr. Jenkins, you have testified to all of that now, Mr. Shine.
Mr. Shine, yes, sir.
And therefore, I do remember giving him the photograph
because he came with me to the office.
And as a matter of fact, one of the staff came in and said,
quote, let me see the picture of you and Secretary Steven's,
and I said, quote, we had better send this right out
because Mr. Jenkins is anxious to have it.
And so we had better not open it and it was.
And I remember Mr. Hannes, uh, taking the picture.
Did you have any comment on that?
Well, he's referring to, uh, the time,
the sense of time when I, uh, after I've been told
to bring it up, uh, that it is correct that I did come in.
And I took, uh, the photograph and the tape,
and brought them up.
Let me repeat.
ABC radio is bringing along the scene coverage
of the McCarthy Army hearings in Washington.
This is ABC radio network.
This WABC New York 770 AM and FM.
And now back to the McCarthy Army hearings,
where Senator Simington is questioning the witness.
Well, Mr. McCartney, I think you'll all have some.
Well, this should be very short.
I am puzzled, Mr. Amatos, if you're anxious to send a
to Simonton.
Private Shine's testimony was that he gave the photograph
to someone and he remembered one of the staff came in
and say it pulled.
Let me see the picture of you and Secretary Steven.
Did you say that, sir?
What member of the staff could have said it?
Well, it was no other member there, but you, my little.
No, I, uh, as I say, I'd love to wait a moment.
Wait a moment.
There was no other member of this staff.
What, sir?
When Shine brought the picture in.
Well, it's either in the last particular time
that I did not ask in that question.
All right.
Then he just replied and shot me and I said,
Mr. Chairman, we had scattered.
Mr. Chairman.
There was.
Right.
Is anybody else waiting?
Yes, I have.
On the order of Mr. Chairman.
Yes, yesterday I was in terrible withdrawal.
I could send him to the head minister, Steven,
taking off the stand so we could establish the facts in regard
to this picture.
I did that with the assumption that you were doing it to establish
the facts.
I think Council has done a very confidently.
How can a deficient job have got this down?
But Mr. Chairman, if Council for the,
Mr. Steven's and Mr. Hansel and Mr. Adam
are going to continue this stalling practice
to keep Mr. Steven from going back to the stand.
But I shall be successful or not.
I don't know, but I am going to ask the chair.
I have about to be finished.
I'm going to finish this, Mr. Chairman.
I am going to ask the chair.
I'm not doing it now, but I am going to ask the chair
of the stalling continues to bring Mr. Steven's back
to the stand.
I only can send of the fee,
if he removes only the theory that we wouldn't go through
this filibus ring,
proceed here by Council for Mr. Steven from the draft.
Mr. Chairman.
Chair, I'll have to confess to the fact that he has not yet been able
to find out the truth about the photograph
and that was the photograph he had written.
And we're trying to find it out.
He's taking a long time, but I hope that he can find any
determinants to preserve his darkness to capture.
Mr. Chairman, and if I think all the facts about the photograph
have been given to Mr. Duncan,
I think he is trying to get down to the important lessons.
I agree that it is necessary for these phenomena to be discussed.
Mr. Wells and Mr. Sinclair, in my opinion now,
are not looking for facts they're trying to stall.
So Mr. Steven's not the turn to the stand,
the draft the week.
Mr. Chairman, I'm really serving notes.
Very well.
No, the thing is right, it's been made.
Mr. Wells can be really serving notes.
Mr. Chairman, this continues.
I am going to raise objections to this.
Mr. Wells, I also wish to serve a notice.
I have made or thought of an invention that will greatly shorten this hearing.
It is my observation of law's duties that when the principal witnesses testify,
these sub-pensables go on and off very fast.
I wish to give notice now that at the conclusion of Mr. Steven's testimony,
I shall raise the right to proceed with Army witnesses,
and ask the Mr. Jenkins to call Senator McCarthy to the stand.
That I wish to do as soon as Mr. Steven's conclusion testimony
will object I would suppose,
would be within an hour or so of the time he retakes his best.
The chair will have to remind us.